1.2.0 - Cleanup stabilized extension ID (#379)
free-audio/clap: conventions/extension-id.md

## History

Before this document was written, existing extensions didn't honor these rules.

> We wanted to stabilize some extension without breaking the compatibility, yet the extension ID contained the string `draft`.
> While this isn't user facing, we wanted to get rid of it, so we updated the extension ID according to this document and
> introduced a `XXX_COMPAT` ID to provide backward compatibility with the draft version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We wanted to stabilize some draft extensions without breaking compatibility, yet their extension IDs contained the string `draft`.
While these strings weren't user-facing, we still wanted to remove them, so we updated the extension IDs according to this document and introduced IDs with `_COMPAT` suffixes to provide backward compatibility with the draft versions.
```
I tweaked the wording a bit.

Also, I think the "History" section should mention which version introduced these conventions.
Maybe line 30 could be changed like this?
```diff
-Before this document was written, existing extensions didn't honor these rules.
+Before version 1.2.0 when this document was written, existing extensions didn't honor these rules.
```
